
There are four folders in this package: 

* bench1: The easiest benchmark set holding 27 sat cnf and 21 unsat cnf.
          This folder has two sub-folder: one is sat and another is unsat.
          The 27 sat cnf are in the sat folder, and the 21 unsat cnf are
          in the unsat folder.

* bench2: Kind of harder than bench1, and also has two sub-folders: one 
          (named sat) contains 11 sat cnf and another one (named unsat)
          contains 14 unsat cnf. 

* bench3: Hardest benchmark. I got them from SAT competition, but to be
          honest not very hard. It only contains five unsat cnf, and 
          does not have sub-folder.

* groups: =You can build a folder for each group and put their 
          folders in the 'groups' folder. For example, now we haveone
          group, group4.

-----------------

How to test?

Enter one of group-folder, e.g. group4.
You can see three files named 'bench1.sh', 'bench2.sh' and 'bench3.sh'.
Each of them is for testing whether this group can pass 
the corresponding benchmark. For example, when we enter the group4 folder,
and type 'sh bench1.sh', the screen will show how many benchmarks the
group4's solver can pass.

You may notice there are five files: name1-5. Each of them is responsible
for recording cnf names:
- name1 lists all the sat cnf in bench1 
- name2 lists all the unsat cnf in bench1
- name3 lists all the sat cnf in bench2
- name4 lists all the unsat cnf in bench2
- name5 lists all the unsat cnf in bench3

You should be able to run your tool with our benchmarks scripts and
see all the tests passing, after changing only the lines of the "bench[#].sh"
scripts that begin "python dpll.py" (that is, the lines that actually
call the program.)  If you cannot, there is either a problem with the
input/output of your tool, or your tools implementation.

--------------------

How to apply more benchmarks?

1. Copy your solver in some group folder
2. Use your solver's name to instead of the solver name in bench1.sh, 
   bench2.sh and bench3.sh
3. Run each script, then you can get the results

If you want to apply more cnf:

1. Put the cnf in a certain sat or unsat folder
2. Update the corresponding name file, e.g., name1, since the test script
   will read name file

For example, if a new cnf named 'ccc' and it is satisfied. First, put it
in the '/bench1/sat/' and then append 'ccc' to name1. Done!
 
